update (release notes): case and process visu information (#2077)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

== New values added

=== Bonita now embeds the bpmn-visualization library to improve process monitoring for administrators and users 

Bonitasoft has launched the Process Analytics initiative two years ago, to create a new, Open Source means to monitor process execution using the bpmn diagram generated by Bonita Studio. +

> The deliverable of this project is called the _bpmn-visualization library_ . You can find a nice array of examples of what it can do in its https://cdn.statically.io/gh/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples/v0.6.0/examples/index.html[demo webiste], and you can even contribute to this initiative in its https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js[Github repository]. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deliverable of this project is called the _bpmn-visualization library_ . You can find a nice array of examples of what it can do in its https://cdn.statically.io/gh/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples/v0.25.0/examples/index.html[demo webiste], and you can even contribute to this initiative in its https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js[Github repository]. +
```

> The deliverable of this project is called the _bpmn-visualization library_ . You can find a nice array of examples of what it can do in its https://cdn.statically.io/gh/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples/v0.25.0/examples/index.html[demo webiste], and you can even contribute to this initiative in its https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js[Github repository]. +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The deliverable of this project is called the _bpmn-visualization library_ . You can find a nice array of examples of what it can do in its https://cdn.statically.io/gh/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples/v0.25.0/examples/index.html[demo web site], and you can even contribute to this initiative in its https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js[Github repository]. +
```

On the other hand, Bonita has been using another library to display process execution data for administrators at both process and case levels. This library had some limitations and was not easy to improve with new features. +
So it was a very natural choice to eventually integrate the bpmn-visualization library to Bonita, and team up with the Process Analytics team. +

Some new values are available, starting with the Efficiency Edition of Bonita:
  
  * The users of the Bonita Administration application will see a faster and more robust view of the process execution data (thanks to the library and new REST APIs)

>   * As the bpmn-libraty improves, we will add more interactivity and more information to provide a better monitoring capacity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * As the bpmn-visualization library improves, we will add more interactivity and more information to provide a better monitoring capacity
```

  * Since the pages have been recreated with the UI Designer, developers can:
        

>         ** Use this widget in their own application pages. The widget has been wrapped into a fragment that makes it very easy to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        ** Use the custom widget embedded in the new pages in their own application pages. The widget has been wrapped into a fragment that makes it very easy to use.
```

        ** Offer process execution data visualization to users of their applications, by adjusting the permissions accordingly

> To know more, visit the xref:....[how to page dedicated to the use of this fragment]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To know more, visit the xref:pages-and-forms:customize-display-process-monitoring.adoc[How to page to customize the display of process execution monitoring]
```
